muskecok
uU-6X2vL+7F0fg
p - 1980
199.231.86.11

year/month format on education

basic:
user can download own resume


pro:
website visitors can download resume
direct link to social media pages or profiles
project link

prod:
change http://localhost from musician.php getPhoto();
change http://localhost from project.php getProjectimage();\
same with Gallery.php
same with Document.php
same with PfdTheme.php
restore the sending of email in src/Updates by uncommenting the return statement
notification by email when end of pro : cron job
Mail Reminder of incomplete accounts once a month : cron job
composer requires that was done in dev

Help link goes first to faq... faq should have contacts as the last option 
unsubscribe link : https://muske.co.ke/musician/unsubscribe/{{username}} used in email conf twig
notification - you have unsubscribed from emails. Subscribe again
check if subscribed before sending any email
special characters in pdf downloads
links to outside websites
after choosing advertize, have options - new advert, track advert
disable button when sending mails
rating in resume
mpesa integration
live chat - somewhere to add code for tawk.to
work on og:title for blog post
share on main sites to social media
email after comment
have name and email in place if logged in
buttons not lined up in phone
disable blog buttons on click


faq:
Is basic account free?
Is muske account free?
Is pro account free?
What is the difference between basic, muske and pro accounts?
Why does muske account have more benefits than basic account?
If you get me a job as a muske account member, what percentage of income generated will I get?
Why do I need a pro account if I can get jobs with muske and basic account?
how do i change my web and downloadable resume themes
How do i change the image background in my resume website
how do i sort my jobs according to date?
how do i sort my education background according to date?
how do i upload a profile photo?
how do I delete my account?
How do I delete or edit information for my Resume?